Hello. So, you've just learned all about the theory behind CycleGANs.
In this notebook, we're going to define and train a CycleGAN to read in an image
from a set X and transform it so that it looks as if it belongs in set Y.
Specifically, we'll look at a set of images of
Yosemite National Park taken either during the summer or the winter.
The seasons are our two domains; X and Y.
Here are some example images.
In general, you can see that the summer images are
brighter and with more green than the winter images.
The winter images contain things like snow,
cloudy images and brown or kind of dead foliage.
The differences are not always so obvious though.
Often, rocks and water will look really similar no matter the season.
So, this is an interesting transformation task.
Our main objective will be to train generators that learn to
transform an image from summer into winter and vice versa.
These images do not come with labels and are referred to as unpaired training data.
But CycleGANs gave us a way to learn the mapping between
one image domain and another using an unsupervised approach.
For example, in the paper that introduced CycleGANs,
[inaudible] the authors were able to translate between images of horses and zebras,
even though there were no images of a zebra in
exactly the same position as a horse or with exactly the same background, and so on.
So, a CycleGAN is made of two types of networks; discriminators and generators.
The discriminators are responsible for classifying images as real or fake,
for both summer and winter images in this case.
The generators are responsible for generating convincing fake images for both domains.
So, two domains, two types of discriminators and generators.
This notebook will be mainly about defining and training these networks.
But let's start by loading in our data to work with.
I've provided some code in this notebook to load in
our summer and winter image data and our usual resources.
Then, I'm creating training and test loaders for each of these image domains X and Y.
This code should look pretty familiar so I'm going to go over pretty quickly.
The get_data_loader function returns training and test data loaders
that transform our image data into tensor image types.
Then, the data loaders can shuffle and batch this data into a specified size.
You can leave all the parameters in this loader function as is.
This will resize our images and create small batches. All right.
So, I'll run this cell and then create loaders for our test and training X and Y data.
Note that I'm defining our summer images as our X domain and winter as our Y domain,
and this choice is just arbitrary.
All right. Then I'm going to display some of these images.
In this cell, I have a function that takes in
a tensor image and converts it to a NumPy image for display.
Then, I'm getting some images from our X domain.
Getting a batch of data from our data loader will
naturally return a set of images and their labels.
But the labels don't matter in this case,
and actually, they're meaningless here.
Okay. So, I'm displaying some of these summer images,
and you can see that there's quite a variety of images.
Some have people in them,
some are quite hazy and may be mistaken for a winter images even.
Then, I'll do the same thing but for some of our winter images.
Here again, you can see quite a variety of images.
But in general, these winter images have a kind of different color pallet.
You'll end up seeing more whites and blues in these images than in our summer images.
I've actually never been to Yosemite but this is making me want to go.
Okay. Then, the next step I'm doing,
is a pretty familiar pre-processing step,
which is transforming these images from a pixel range of
zero to one to arrange of negative one to one,
and I'm just printing out some of these values for my own sanity.
So, I can see that the image range originally is from about zero to one,
and then after I scale it,
it's from about negative one to one.
Recall that we typically use a 10h activation function that
scales are generated images to a range of negative one to one.
So, this step makes our training imagery to match the output of our generator.
Okay. All of this code is given to you, and next,
you'll be able to access this notebook and I'll describe
the actual structure of the discriminators and generators for us to define.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6